{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red53\green53\blue53;\red70\green81\blue90;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red14\green32\blue46;\red245\green245\blue246;\red83\green83\blue83;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c27059\c27059\c27059;\cssrgb\c34510\c39216\c42745;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c5882\c16863\c23922;\cssrgb\c96863\c96863\c97255;\cssrgb\c40000\c40000\c40000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh14980\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 1) Joining date - 18th March\
\
\
2) Understand the technical architecture of our platform/product, machine learning models\
\
\
3) Update on low cost version of product and add hidden costs like property tax.\
\
\
4) Support on relocation services\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 \cb4 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The\'a0
\f2\fs28\fsmilli14400 \cf5 \cb6 \uc0\u8237 customer_segments.ipynb
\f1\fs24 \cf3 \cb4 \uc0\u8236 \'a0notebook file with all questions answered and all code cells executed and displaying output.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 \cb4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
An\'a0
\b HTML
\b0 \'a0export of the project notebook with the name\'a0
\b report.html
\b0 . This file\'a0
\i must
\i0 \'a0be present for your project to be evaluated.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
 \
\
Use Case#1\
Personalisation:\'97\
\
Today, user sees the total cost of loan only as a monthly repayment which is misleading sometimes because people\
Not only have to pay monthly loan repayments but also pay for other costs like electricity bill, house taxes, and other fixed costs.\
\
Solution:\'97\
\
To add these extra costs in monthly loan cost and then show it.\
\
Type of costs:\
\
1)Property Tax (Rule Based Calculation)\
\
2)Utilities:\
	Electricity, Water, Natural Gas, Oil - Can be predicted using machine learning, dependencies - electricity bills data of current area\
	Internet - can be calculated using a rule\
	Cable TV - fixed cost\
	Home Security - \
	Trash - fixed cost\
	Mobile - fixed cost/ predicted using mobile bills data of current area\
\
3)Insurance:\
Homeowners Insurance, Mortgage Insurance, Home Insurance\
\
4)Homeowners Association Fees (RWA cost)\
\
5)Maintenance ( impacted by age of house, current condition of house, climate/weather in area)\
\
\
\
Future Use Case: \'97\
Use machine learning to add some more costs like mobile bills, house hold items basis customers location and preferences etc\
\
\
Use Case#2\
To lure loan officer to use the product \
Provide base version or low cost version to lose officer to try it out\
If loan officer likes it , he can get this approved from CEO or recommend other loan officers in his company to use it\
\
\
\
\
\
https://www.homejunction.com/\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa238\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf7 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
SpatialMatch can do this. The platform comes with an enormous neighborhood database containing millions of businesses, local features such as parks and yes, even hundreds of thousands of schools, public and private.\
Find out what the buyer likes to do. You can then pull up a home they are considering, alongside an illustration of all the amenities they want within a certain distance radius.\
\
\
Questions:-\
1) How do you deploy your machine learning applications in production? Flask? Django? Docker?\
2) which databases are you using?\
3) logging layer? (Splunk, ElasticSearch)\
}